far superior from a side effect
standpoint, far superior from a safety
standpoint, and most importantly, far
superior from a muscular gain
standpoint. This is going to replace
everything.
>> [music]
>> Hi, my name is John Jaquish. I'm a
doctor of biomedical engineering, which
gives me a unique perspective.
Today, I want to clarify something I
have been
trolled over.
So, I came out with a couple of videos
where I talk about fast-acting
testosterone and the the power of
fast-acting testosterone. One thing I
mentioned is it doesn't
shut down your natural testicular
function like regular testosterone
replacement therapy. So, I got all kinds
of comments with all sorts of profanity
and misspelled words and poor
punctuation from
I guess the
scientific community, or at least the
people who say they're the scientific
community in in sports performance. And
what they're saying is there's no way
you can take testosterone without
shutting down your natural testicular
function. Now, I understand why people
are saying that. It's only because this
is what they know.
Now, smart people are aware that they
don't know absolutely everything.
These are not smart people. That's
that's the issue. So,
uh what's happening is
with Nandrogen, this is the this is the
actual product. This is mine.
So, uh my
my uh
testosterone gel, it's got my name on
it. I squirt this under my tongue. Two
squirts under my tongue. Uh hold it
there for about 90 seconds, and I do it,
and this is the important part, in the
morning.
So, when
I do it in the morning, it only lasts in
my body for a couple of hours. So, when
I do this, the up and down regulation of
testosterone, so if you're looking at my
testosterone, goes up, comes down, the
normal bump would be a little lower, but
at the same period of time. So, if you
up and down regulate the testosterone
within the window it normally goes up
and down,
your body doesn't have any negative
response to it. Or if there is a a
negative response, if there is some side
effect, very low, very mild, and very
temporary. So, I tell people who have
done cycles of anabolic drugs, this is
like being on cycle between 8:00 a.m.
and 10:00 a.m. every day you decide to
do it.
And there are days where you could just
elect not to do it. Like you can go
beyond one day, be not on one day. It's
just, you know,
uh you can do the higher testosterone on
the days where you work out and the days
you don't work out, you know, you don't
need it. Now, you're going to be lower
energy. You're going to feel like it you
have lower testosterone on those days.
And the amount you can really feel
testosterone is very debatable. Uh cuz I
I think a lot of it's placebo. The
muscle growth is not, but the the the
the feelings like the a lot of people
tell me about the feelings they have
when they're on testosterone. Then
there's a lot of studies that show that
people who have high levels or low
levels based on exogenous, meaning
external of the body like this or an
injection,
uh if they're given placebo, they still
think they feel it. So, that's that's
questionable. But, ultimately,
you can do this or not do this. You can
go on or off. You can be on it for 6
months, decide you want to take a break
from it, and there are no negative
repercussions that we have seen with now
hundreds of users of this type of
testosterone. I believe this will
replace TRT. There won't be any more
injections. This will be the way TRT
comes. I also don't think there's going
to be, with rare exception, such a thing
as a steroid cycle anymore. Because the
way this works,
when testosterone goes high and then
drops very quickly, it actually lowers
your SHBG. So, like my SHBG, the last
time I checked was 8.9. Normal is right
around 40. Most people who use anabolics
either through TRT or they're doing like
cycles of drugs, which is bad for you.
Don't do that. But, when you look at
when you when you look at those people,
they're always driving SHBG up. And
that's what keeps you from having good
results with your testosterone therapy.
As SHBG goes up, it stands for sex
hormone binding globulin. Sex hormone,
meaning testosterone, binding, meaning
it grabs a hold of the testosterone and
makes it inert or useless.
So, you want to make sure that doesn't
happen. This is a method to drive SHBG
down, and all of the other side effects
that are seen
with testosterone replacement therapy
will either not happen with this or they
will be at such a minimal degree,
uh you may not notice. And typically,
the levels, like hematocrit levels, they
may rise a little bit, but they stay
stay within the normal range. So,
far superior from a side effect
standpoint, far superior from a safety
standpoint, and most importantly, far
superior from a muscular gain
standpoint. This is going to replace
everything.
>> [music]
>> Thank you. I hope this helps, and ask
questions in the comments. If this video
helped you, I want you to subscribe and
follow. I'm going to put out videos on a
regular basis. I think they're going to
help a whole lot of people, especially
if you're one of those people that
doesn't just instantly grow from lifting
regular weights,
>> [music]
>> we've got the answer for you.